.../Intro_Part_1.json

Dana:			Mom! Look! God sent me a baby!
Mom:			...Excuse me?
Dana:			Her name is Kimmy!
Kimmy:			...
Mom:			That… No, Dana. God did not send you a baby.
Dana:			What do you mean…? You said God sends people babies sometimes! You told me that.
Mom:			Well… nevermind what I said. It doesn’t apply to you. God isn’t about to send you a baby anytime soon, trust me.
Dana:			What! Why? I wished for a baby, and he granted my wish. Isn’t it obvious?
Mom:			Where did you find this little girl? Honey, where’s your house?
Kimmy:			...
Mom:			Kimmy, can you tell me where your parents are?
Kimmy:			I can go home later if I want…
Dana:			Well maybe God didn’t send her, but she came out of nowhere! Kimmy, you just… appeared, right? Where did you come from?
Kimmy:			Ferry Street... I untied myself from the porch so I could go for a walk…
Dana:			...
Mom:			It’s ok dear, let’s go to your house Kimmy… you said it’s on Ferry Street? Your parents are probably worried.


.../Intro_Part_2.json

Dana:			I’m sorry… I thought God sent me a baby and I got so excited…
KimmyMom:			Oh, don’t worry. Thank you for finding Kimmy and walking her home. What's your name, dear?
Dana:			I’m Dana…
KimmyMom:			I don’t know many kids as responsible as you, walking Kimmy all the way home. I hope you two can be friends. I know Kimmy could learn a lot from you.
Kimmy:			My… friend?
Dana:			Yes! I’d love to be friends, Kimmy. Can I come by and play with you tomorrow?
KimmyMom:			I’ve been looking for a babysitter, actually. Her grandma was helping with that before, but she… well, she can’t anymore.
KimmyMom:			Kimmy’s normally alright in her harness on the porch, but she’s getting a little old for that…
KimmyMom:			If you’d like to play with Kimmy tomorrow, I’d be happy to pay you a quarter to keep an eye on her.
Dana:			Wow! Yes, please! I’d love to!
KimmyMom:			My work schedule is a little… hectic. It’d be great to have you by in the morning.
Dana:			I’ll be here first thing! Wow, I didn’t expect to land a job today. Thanks so much!
Mom:			Well, that all sounds good to me. A summer job will be a nice way to keep busy. Now then, let’s leave this nice family to their dinner.
Dana:			Ok. Bye bye Kimmy, and Mrs...?
KimmyMom:			Mrs. Munro. Again, thank you for giving Kimmy a hand. It was nice meeting you, Mrs. Navarro.
Mom:			Likewise.
Kimmy:			Bye bye.


.../clerk_outro.json

Dana:			Thanks, Dean!
Kimmy:			Thank you Mr. Dean!
Dean:			Bye bye girls. Have fun.


.../day1_anthonyamber_daily1.json

Dana:			Hey Anthony.
Anthony:			Hi Dana. It’s so weird seeing you outside of school, haha.
Amber:			I’m Amber!
Anthony:			This is my little sister, Amber. Is that your sister, Dana? I didn’t know you had a little sister.
Dana:			Oh, no… This is Kimmy. I’m her babysitter.
Anthony:			Isn’t Kimmy the girl that Jim--
Amber:			Anthony! I know you’re mad at Jimmy, but--
Anthony:			I know, I know, nevermind.
Dana:			Uhhhh… what? What’s the gossip?
Amber:			Nevermind! Hi Kimmy. I remember seeing you walk to school last year. Isn’t it a bit far to walk? You should ride a bike, at least.
Kimmy:			Oh… I don’t know.
Anthony:			Are you two headed somewhere? You should hang out with Amber and I.
Dana:			Well, we’d like to play a game!
Anthony:			We’d been playing games with Harold earlier… but maybe we could try something new? Amber’s kinda picky though--fair warning.
Amber:			Am not!


.../day1_anthonyamber_friendsuccess.json

Dana:			I haven’t seen you out with Amber before. Usually you’re just walking your dog or at baseball practice.
Anthony:			Unfortunately, Mom told us to stick together this summer.
Amber:			I don’t like going outside alone.
Amber:			Some boy was chasing me last month and I tripped and he stole my allowance.
Kimmy:			I hate boys.
Anthony:			Ouch. Can’t really blame you though. There are definitely some bad guys around…
Kimmy:			There are some boys you don’t like…? I thought that all boys are friends?
Dana:			Haha, no Kimmy. Some boys really hate each other.
Anthony:			That’s right. Haha, I can’t even stand most of the guys in my class… they don’t pick on me much, but some of the things they say to the girls…
Kimmy:			My mom told me to stay away from boys because they might hurt me.
Amber:			My mom says that too.
Dana:			Well, Anthony and I won’t let the bad ones near you. Don’t worry! I’m the fastest runner at school, so I’ll just… carry you.
Anthony:			Haha, aren’t you a majorette, Dana? Just kick them in the… you know.
Dana:			Gross. Not around these little girls, Anthony.
Amber:			Anthony! Mom said no kicking. No punching. No nothing.
Anthony:			I’m just kidding. But Dana does have a pretty high kick. All you majorettes kick like crazy in those dance routines… it looks kind of painful.
Dana:			I’m better with a baton…
Kimmy:			I want to play with a baton... dad took me to see sports once and I saw the ladies twirling batons. We were far in the back, so they looked really tiny.
Anthony:			You should come to some baseball games Kimmy. I’m on the team. You and Amber can watch together.
Amber:			I’d like that!
Kimmy:			I do like sports. My dad might even take me, if I ask nicely.
Dana:			Awesome! I’ll come too! It’s fun to watch your baseball games, Anthony.
Anthony:			I’ll let you know when the season starts.


.../day1_anthonyamber_taughtgame.json

Dana:			You two picked that up really fast!
Anthony:			It’s easier to learn games if you work together. I think we make a good team. When Amber doesn’t get distracted, that is.
Amber:			I don’t like boring stuff. {3} was fun though.
Anthony:			You sound like Donna.
Amber:			No, I don’t! Donna’s annoying, but I’m not.
Anthony:			Well, you’re not as bad as Linda, that’s for sure…
Amber:			Shut up! That’s mean!
Anthony:			Ok, ok, sorry.
Amber:			We should play together at school sometime, Kimmy.
Dana:			You hear that Kimmy? That’s great! I’m glad that you two go to the same school.
Kimmy:			I don’t play with anyone usually, but I think I’d like that.


.../day1_anthonyamber_teachgame.json

Dana:			Ok, let’s play {3} then.


.../day1_blythe_daily1.json

Kimmy:			P-please go away...
Dana:			Blythe, knock it off! I’m a babysitter so you can’t bug me anymore, got it?
Blythe:			Poor Dana. Poor Kimmy. You can’t get away from me! I’m the bicycle lord.
Blythe:			I’ll only stop following you if you play a game with me.
Dana:			No.
Blythe:			Yes.
Dana:			Fine.
Blythe:			That’s right.


.../day1_blythe_friendsuccess.json

Kimmy:			I didn’t know bullies liked games.
Blythe:			Shut up, Kimmy.
Blythe:			I’m not thaaaat evil. I found a newt this morning and slipped it into Janey’s purse, but I could have dropped it down her dress… but I’m nice, I wouldn’t do that.
Dana:			That’s… neither of those options are nice, Blythe.
Blythe:			I just like to mess with girls. But I take games seriously. So you better play with me some more, you little brat.
Dana:			Don’t talk that way to Kimmy!
Dana:			You’re mean to girls. I’ve seen you chasing girls around the neighborhood. It’s bad and you’re going to get in trouble with the adults.
Blythe:			Quiet Kimmy alone and tied up on the porch.. How much did you pay Dana to be your friend anyways?
Kimmy:			I don’t have any friends.
Dana:			I’m her friend and babysitter, but it’s none of your business anyways.
Kimmy:			...
Dana:			Don’t be mean to Kimmy, or I’ll really get mad. I’ll… tell your mom that you were being rude!
Blythe:			Haha, yeah right. I’ll be nice but only if you and Kimmy play more games with me.
Dana:			Uh, no. We might play games with you, but not just so you’ll be nice. Maybe we can teach you some manners.
Blythe:			I’m gonna win, win, win!


.../day1_blythe_taughtgame.json

Blythe:			I love {3}. Haha, what a rush.
Dana:			Well… that was nice. I’m surprised you hadn’t played before though, Blythe. You always brag about how good you are at games, and how you know so many.
Kimmy:			I wanna know more games than Blythe!
Dana:			Haha, that’s the spirit!
Blythe:			Pfft. Good luck. I’m gonna go catch bugs later. That’s better than games.


.../day1_blythe_teachgame.json

Dana:			Ok, let’s play {3} then. And be nice, Blythe.


.../day1_clerk_intro.json

Dean:			Hey, Kid.
Dana:			Hi, Dean. This is Kimmy. I’m babysitting her now.
Dean:			Well lookit that, aren’t you all grown up. You gettin’ paid?
Kimmy:			My mom pays Dana a quarter a day.
Dana:			That’s right! I’m here to buy some things… I mean, I haven’t gotten paid yet. This is my first day. But I have some money saved up!
Dean:			Hah, I wish I had that kinda discipline. I blew my budget on fabric last week.
Dana:			I need to save up money. For college, you know! My mom would get so mad if I didn’t plan ahead.
Dean:			Hah! Your mom’s got the right idea. I wish I’d saved up for college.
Dana:			So what did you spend all your money on? Your sewing classes?
Dean:			Nah, that’s over. I’m workin’ on some Halloween costumes for my cousins… and some new pants for myself. You know, gotta apply those skills somehow.
Kimmy:			I didn’t know people made clothes!
Dean:			They do, Kimmy, they do. I make sweaters, dresses, hats--you name it.
Dana:			You should sell your clothes at Jordan Marsh! That’s where I always find the nicest clothes.
Dean:			Hah! That’s a long ways off for me. But maybe someday… anyways, what can I get for ya?


.../day1_donna_daily1.json

Kimmy:			Hi Donna.
Donna:			What happened, Kimmy? Did you untie yourself from the porch again?
Kimmy:			...
Dana:			Hi Donna! I’m babysitting Kimmy now, so--
Donna:			So you untied Kimmy from the porch? Better not let her parents catch you.
Dana:			First of all, I’m her babysitter. Second, she’s perfectly able to untie herself. She’s too old for that thing now, even her mom thinks so.
Donna:			She should probably stay on her porch. We’re the same age, but my mom takes me everywhere so I won’t get lost. I bet Kimmy would get lost if she wandered too far.
Dana:			I don’t know about that. Anyways, I was just going to ask if you wanna play with us... but I feel like you're being mean to Kimmy.
Donna:			Oh, no. I'm just being honest!
Dana:			Ok... well, I hope you two can get along, since you're neighbors... want to play a game with us?
Donna:			Well, I’m trying to avoid Harold so it’s probably good to look busy. He keeps trying to tell me that my ears look childish. He is so snobby.
Kimmy:			I like your ears.
Donna:			Oh, thanks. They’re new. Anyways, I wanna play a new game.


.../day1_donna_friendsuccess.json

Donna:			...Are you gonna walk to Jordan Marsh? That’s where my babysitter used to take me.
Dana:			Maybe! Kimmy doesn't seem to know too many people around town though, so I think we should save big trips for later.
Donna:			Playing is fine, but isn’t it boring sometimes? I need more friends  who will go with me to Jordan Marsh. I like going shopping there. I hide in the clothes racks sometimes.
Kimmy:			Dad took me there once. He needed a new leather jacket. But then he bought another new guitar and mom got mad when we came home.
Dana:			Haha, your dad is so weird.
Donna:			I don’t see your dad around much anymore, but I guess that’s because I’m not out on the porch like I used to be.
Kimmy:			Donna used to be in a harness outside, like me.
Donna:			Yeah I used to wear a harness attached to the front door when my mom was cooking or doing laundry. It was so embarrassing.
Donna:			My mom said I’m too big for the harness. I go bike riding a lot now. I went by myself to Jordan Marsh yesterday and got these ears…
Kimmy:			I like them.
Dana:			I like riding my bike to Jordan Marsh too! Sometimes I’ll buy a ribbon if I save up.
Kimmy:			I’ve never worn a ribbon.
Dana:			Wow! Really? I can get you one, Kimmy, don’t worry.
Kimmy:			No thank you, I’m not supposed to spend any money. I don’t have any anyways.
Dana:			I’ll save up and get you one!
Donna:			Kimmy, you would look nice in a ribbon. Cat ears too probably.
Kimmy:			…Maybe.


.../day1_donna_taughtgame.json

Donna:			Kimmy loved that.
Donna:			I’m surprised, normally you’re so quiet Kimmy.
Kimmy:			Mom said it’s ok to be quiet.
Dana:			That’s right! Games are a nice way to talk and play with your friends though, don’t you think? Even quiet kids like games, I think, usually.
Kimmy:			… Are we friends? I thought you were my babysitter.
Dana:			Yes! Of course we’re friends! I know we just met yesterday, but… that’s normal!
Kimmy:			I always thought babysitters were more like parents.
Dana:			I can be your friend AND your babysitter. We’re having fun playing games together, right? That’s what friends do a lot of the time.
Dana:			Anthony and I became friends by playing games together. We met playing kickball.
Donna:			Anthony and his little sister Amber are… annoying. Don’t tell them I said that though…
Dana:			Really? Anthony and I go to the same school and do sports together sometimes. He’s way nicer than the other boys at my school. I like him and Amber.
Donna:			There’s no rule that says you have to like your classmates.
Dana:			Yeah, I know… but Anthony is nice to me, so I like him.
Donna:			Oooh, you like... Like him?
Dana:			…I’m not going to answer that, Donna. Who I like is none of your business.


.../day1_donna_teachgame.json

Donna:			Ok, let's try {3} then.


.../day1_harold_daily1.json

Kimmy:			Hi Harold, play a game with us.
Harold:			You aren’t my boss.
Kimmy:			You’re always asking me to play though…
Harold:			Well, try asking nicer.
Kimmy:			Please play with us?
Dana:			Do you two know each other?
Harold:			I walk my dog by Kimmy’s house sometimes. He always stops to play with her--
Kimmy:			Dogs are nice.
Harold:			His name is Buster. Which is a good name.
Dana:			That is a good name.
Harold:			Donna, Janey and Linda said it was an ugly name. I’m so mad at them.
Kimmy:			I think Buster is a cute name.
Harold:			Thanks...
Dana:			Dogs aside--Harold, will you play with us?
Harold:			Sure. But only if you think that Buster is a good name for a dog.
Dana:			Buster is a good name for a dog. Ok, now will you play with us?
Harold:			Ok, ok.


.../day1_harold_friendsuccess.json

Dana:			Isn’t this great, Kimmy? Am I doing a good job babysitting? We're gonna play with everyone!
Kimmy:			I… I think so?
Harold:			Well it helps that you’re not tied up to a post like usual. It can’t be easy to make friends while you’re stuck in front of your house.
Kimmy:			I have a babysitter now, so I don’t need that rope anymore.
Dana:			That’s me!
Harold:			Wait, if you’re her babysitter… shouldn’t you make her change out of her pajamas before she comes outside? My babysitter wouldn’t let me out in pajamas.
Dana:			What? Her dress is pretty.
Harold:			It’s a nightgown.
Kimmy:			It’s my nightgown and I like it.
Harold:			Don’t you have any other clothes?
Kimmy:			Maybe… this nightgown is comfy though.
Harold:			I think you’d look better in something more modern. Why don’t you buy something at Spark?
Kimmy:			Mom says Spark is too expensive for us. And she made this nightgown for me, so I love it.
Harold:			My mom takes me to Spark a lot. She likes shopping there. I do too, but she won’t buy me anything.
Dana:			I thought Spark was mostly… teen clothes.
Harold:			I like teen clothes. I can’t wait to be a teen so I can wear them.
Kimmy:			You can wear them now if you like them.
Harold:			My mom said no… she still wants to pick out what I wear. It’s not fair.
Dana:			Well, if you have your own money, you can buy your own clothes.
Harold:			That’s right… I’m saving up my allowance for a nice pastel pink shirt.
Dana:			Pastel blue is my favorite, but I guess pink is ok too.
Harold:			You have no taste, Dana.
Dana:			I disagree with that, but you’re entitled to your opinion I guess. Let's go play some more, Kimmy.


.../day1_harold_taughtgame.json

Kimmy:			I liked that game.
Harold:			I didn’t think you liked anything Kimmy. You’re so quiet.
Dana:			Kimmy likes games. Don’t you, Kimmy?
Kimmy:			... I... I think so.
Harold:			Kimmy is a quiet and sad girl. That’s what my mom told me, but--
Dana:			What! I disagree.
Kimmy:			Everyone’s sad sometimes.
Harold:			Yeah, it’s ok. I was gonna say that I used to be quiet too, so I get it. You’ll grow out of it.
Harold:			Amber told me you go to school together. You should try making friends with her. She’s nice… maybe you can even borrow something other than a nightgown from her to wear...
Dana:			Don’t be mean to Kimmy. It’s not nice and I’ll tell your mom if you don’t stop.
Harold:			Yeah, sure you would... I'm not even being mean, anyways.


.../day1_harold_teachgame.json

Dana:			Ok, let’s play {3} then.


.../day1_intro.json

Dana:			Mornin’ Kimmy! I’m here to babysit, like I promised! Is your mom around?
Kimmy:			My mommy’s not inside. She left already.
Dana:			Oh, ok… Um, well… Is there anything you’d like to do today, Kimmy?
Kimmy:			No… I don’t know.
Dana:			That’s ok, do you have a friend you’d like to visit?
Kimmy:			No...
Dana:			Should we watch TV or something in your house?
Kimmy:			We don’t have a TV. My dad is in there too, so we should go play somewhere else. He’s busy.
Dana:			Ok then! Want to walk around and play some games with the other kids?
Kimmy:			Other kids…?
Dana:			You know, the neighborhood kids. Like Donna. Isn’t she your age? You’re both going to be in Kindergarten, right?
Kimmy:			Oh, yeah… I don’t think Donna is my friend though, so she probably wouldn’t want to play...
Dana:			Well, let’s go become her friend! There's lots of other kids around, too. Like Anthony. I know him from school.
Dana:			Come on, let’s go!
Kimmy:			...!


.../day1_janey_daily1.json

Dana:			Hey Janey, how are you?
Janey:			You know the Grenada movie theatre? I got a summer job there. I started last week.
Kimmy:			Wow… my mom took me there once...
Janey:			What did you see? I go to the movies a lot, so I bet I saw it too.
Kimmy:			Oh… we saw the movie with the… Uh... the fairy godmother and the shoe…
Janey:			Cinderella?
Kimmy:			Yeah... and we saw Mary Poppins.
Janey:			I saw that at The Grenada too. It was so great.
Dana:			If we go see a movie there, where would we find you?
Janey:			I’m at the snack counter, but I’m too little to be a cashier. I’m helping make popcorn… just until I’m old enough to do something more serious.
Kimmy:			I love popcorn!
Janey:			Yeah, it’s pretty awesome to be at the snack counter. I love popcorn. I can have free soda whenever I want, too.
Dana:			I also have a summer job! I’m babysitting Kimmy! I wasn’t planning on working, but I think it’s great.
Janey:			My mom said a summer job is important. I didn’t want her to think I was lazy, and I love movies so I got my cousin to help me get the job. He sells tickets there.
Dana:			I’m glad I won’t be lazy this summer. I think I’m getting too old to be lazy. I mean, I’m going into the 5th grade.
Janey:			Yeah, it’s more fun to be out with people who aren’t just teachers and classmates too.
Janey:			By the way, I’m not working today. Wanna play together?


.../day1_janey_friendsuccess.json

Dana:			Say… do you think you’ll ever try joining the school theatre, Janey? I was thinking of auditioning for a play next year…
Janey:			I could, but my mom’s YWCA theatre group is… better.
Kimmy:			I like seeing the plays at school. Can we be in one together, Dana?
Dana:			I know, I wish we were in school together. But I’m at Cheverus, not Lincoln Elementary. I can’t be in a play at a school I don’t go to.
Kimmy:			Oh… are you at Cheverus too, Janey?
Janey:			Yes, I am. Both my parents went to Catholic school too.
Kimmy:			I go to Lincoln Elementary School.
Janey:			You should audition for your school’s play, Kimmy. You’re cute so I bet you’d get a good part. Probably a love interest.
Kimmy:			... A love interest?
Janey:			Cute girls usually get cast as love interests. You know, like a Juliet. Or a Tzeitel.
Kimmy:			I wouldn’t want a big part… or a… a love part...
Dana:			Me neither! I think I’d get stage fright normally, but especially if I had to be romantic with some boy.
Janey:			The romantic parts are the most fun--you might even get to do a stage kiss.
Kimmy:			Maybe theatre isn’t fun after all…
Janey:			Kimmy, it is! I know you’re… a bit of a loner, so it’d probably be good for you to do theatre. You’d learn how to be more social.
Dana:			Kimmy’s not a loner! You're making lots of friends today, right Kimmy? We’re going to play with everyone!
Kimmy:			...yes.
Dana:			Also, it’s ok to want to be alone sometimes. But, everyone needs friends.
Kimmy:			I don’t… know. Maybe.
Janey:			Hah! You want friends, Kimmy. All kids do.
Kimmy:			Not everyone is nice though...
Janey:			I just think it’s sad to be a loner, so…
Kimmy:			...
Janey:			…well if you ever want to do some theatre, just let me know.
Janey:			Or just get a job when you’re a bit older, I guess. You won’t be lonely if you’re working hard.
Kimmy:			Ok…


.../day1_janey_taughtgame.json

Dana:			That’s it! Good job Janey, you picked that up fast!
Janey:			My dad says I’m a fast learner. I can even beat Anthony at Tic Tac Toe sometimes.
Kimmy:			I don’t think I’m a fast learner...
Dana:			I think you are! You’re great, Kimmy.
Janey:			Don’t worry, you’re sharper than Jimmy at the very least…
Kimmy:			Oh...
Dana:			That’s not very nice, Janey.
Janey:			You’re so little, Kimmy, it’s ok. You have time. Get a job like Dana and I and you’ll feel smarter in no time.
Kimmy:			I want to be smart and big like you two…
Dana:			Let’s make you some friends first. You can worry about jobs later.
Kimmy:			Ok...


.../day1_janey_teachgame.json

Janey:			I can’t believe I haven’t played {3} before…


.../day1_jimmy_daily1.json

Jimmy:			...Hi Kimmy.
Kimmy:			Hi Jimmy…
Dana:			...
Dana:			Whatcha reading there, Jimmy? Looks neat.
Jimmy:			M-my comic… Archie...
Dana:			Some of my friends at school read that! Did you get it at the bookstore?
Jimmy:			Yeah!
Kimmy:			I’ve never read a comic before.
Jimmy:			Y-you can borrow one of mine whenever you like, Kimmy! And then we can uh…
Jimmy:			We can talk about it and pick our--our favorite characters!
Dana:			Wow! That’s so nice of you, Jimmy! Guess you have a new friend, Kimmy!
Kimmy:			I think… that sounds fun...
Jimmy:			A-anytime, anytime… um…
Dana:			Say, are you free to play a game with us, Jimmy? We’ll teach you something new!
Jimmy:			I’m not very good at games… b-but, if Kimmy wants me to...
Dana:			I’m teaching Kimmy games and helping her make friends this summer.
Jimmy:			If you’re learning games, can I play games with you on the playground sometimes too, Kimmy? Once school starts?
Kimmy:			...Ok. I don’t play much at school but I will with you if you want.
Jimmy:			What! Oh! Yes… yes please…


.../day1_jimmy_friendsuccess.json

Jimmy:			Thanks for… playing nice and helping me because...
Jimmy:			Because I get nervous because… kids tease me for being slow sometimes and…
Dana:			They’re bullies. Don’t worry, you’re great. Right Kimmy?
Kimmy:			Yup!
Jimmy:			That’s nice of you…
Kimmy:			Kids tease me too.
Jimmy:			Why would they tease you? You’re so nice…
Kimmy:			I don’t know…
Kimmy:			People get mad and ask me if I know how to talk…
Dana:			That’s so stupid. It’s ok to be quiet, don’t let them get to you.
Dana:			If anyone tries to bully either of you, let me know. I’ll deal with them.
Kimmy:			The boys might try to tear your shirt though.
Dana:			I’m the fastest runner in school. They can’t touch me. I’ll tell them to shut up and then--
Dana:			I mean I guess I’d just run away and tell my mom and dad…
Dana:			I’m actually not that helpful with bullies, haha. They bug me too.
Jimmy:			My mom says not to walk around too much alone.
Dana:			Yes! Being with a buddy is a good idea.
Jimmy:			Maybe next year at school, Kimmy… we can sit together at recess… I know that usually we’re both um… sitting alone… then maybe we won’t get picked on as much...
Kimmy:			If you want, that sounds ok.
Dana:			You’ve never played together at school before? You two should stick together!
Jimmy:			W-well… we’ve only talked a couple times…
Dana:			Haha that makes sense, you’re both pretty quiet.
Jimmy:			Um, uh… will you…
Jimmy:			Does that mean…
Jimmy:			Uhhhh…
Kimmy:			...
Jimmy:			Will you be my friend, Kimmy?
Kimmy:			...Ok.
Dana:			Haha, you two...


.../day1_jimmy_taughtgame.json

Kimmy:			You’re not bad at games Jimmy... I think you were good.
Jimmy:			Oh! Thank you…
Jimmy:			Did you get those toys at the corner store, Dana?
Dana:			Yup! I had a little money saved up.
Jimmy:			I save up my money for comics, but I’ve been saving up money for a Yo-yo lately.
Kimmy:			I don’t have any money but my mom said that’s ok. I do sometimes wish I could buy more toys though...
Jimmy:			You don’t get an allowance?
Kimmy:			What’s an allowance?
Dana:			A little money that your parents give you every week, usually.
Kimmy:			Oh…
Dana:			Don’t worry, not everyone gets allowance, Kimmy. Friends are better than money anyways, and we’re going to make lots of friends for you!
Kimmy:			Ok…


.../day1_jimmy_teachgame.json

Dana:			Ok, let's play {3} then...


.../day1_linda_daily1.json

Kimmy:			Hi Linda... I haven’t seen you in a while.
Linda:			I went to visit my auntie right when school ended.
Dana:			Hi, Linda. Do you know Kimmy?
Linda:			We’re neighbors.
Kimmy:			Did you go far away?
Linda:			Auntie’s in Boston.
Kimmy:			That sounds far...
Dana:			It’s not so far. You can even ride your bike there. Sometimes my sisters and I go. We like to go explore all the clothes shops. Like Filene's.
Linda:			I don’t really go shopping, unless it’s for stuffed animals.
Kimmy:			Dana is babysitting me, so she can go shopping with the quarters my mom gives her!
Linda:			Oh, having a job is good. When I’m a little older I want to get one at an animal shelter or something. I like playing with dogs.
Kimmy:			I love dogs.
Dana:			We’re looking for people to play games with. Want to play a game with us, Linda?
Linda:			I guess so. I was playing with Donna earlier, but I could play some more.


.../day1_linda_friendsuccess.json

Dana:			Where does your auntie do her biology stuff?
Linda:			She works with animals at Stoneham Zoo.
Dana:			Whoa! That place is amazing!
Kimmy:			What’s a zoo?
Linda:			You’ve really never been to a zoo, Kimmy?
Kimmy:			No…
Dana:			It’s ok, Kimmy. A zoo is a place where you can see wild animals. Like elephants and stuff.
Kimmy:			I thought that’s what a circus was?
Linda:			Animals in a circus are more like performers. They do tricks and stuff.
Linda:			Animals in a zoo are studied by scientists, like my aunt.
Dana:			I think I’d get a little nervous around the bigger animals. I’d want to work with the small ones--like penguins.
Linda:			She loves it. But she’s stressed a lot too. She’s working on her degree in Biology right now at college and she’s really busy.
Kimmy:			Your auntie sounds amazing… I don’t even know what I want to do when I grow up.
Linda:			My auntie told me not to pick my career until I’m older, because I might find something else I like to do in high school. But I think I’ll still want to work with animals like she does.
Dana:			My dad is an engineer, so sometimes I think that would be an interesting job, but I like a lot of other things too. I love fashion.
Kimmy:			I like… candy. I wonder if I can make candy when I grow up…
Linda:			Auntie says I can do anything, so I bet you can make candy. That’s someone’s job somewhere.
Dana:			Actually, I think I want to be a mom.
Kimmy:			I love moms.
Linda:			I want to be a dog mom.
Dana:			I’m afraid of dogs…
Linda:			Dogs are just as afraid of you. If you’re nice to them, you have nothing to worry about.
Dana:			What if one is chasing me?
Linda:			If a dog chases me, I stop and pet it.
Kimmy:			There’s no mean dogs...
Dana:			I got chased once and had to climb a tree to escape… I guess I’ll try petting next time.


.../day1_linda_taughtgame.json

Dana:			We did it!
Linda:			I usually only play games with my dad or brothers, but that was fun.
Kimmy:			Th--thanks for playing with us, Linda.
Linda:			I’m going to visit my auntie again in a few weeks, so I’ll see if maybe she’ll want to learn {3}... thanks for teaching it to me.
Dana:			Oh, thank you Linda. You’re a good student!
Linda:			I like to learn stuff. I’m glad it’s summer break though… we never get assigned anything fun in school. But my auntie gave me some biology books to read and it’s really fun.
Kimmy:			What’s… biology?
Linda:			It’s about studying living stuff like plants and animals, and people sometimes too.
Dana:			I hope I get to take biology soon. I like math and science classes a lot.
Kimmy:			If I could study dogs, I think I’d be happy...


.../day1_linda_teachgame.json

Linda:			{3} sounds pretty easy, but… I guess I’ll try it.


.../day1_mom.json

Mom:			What’s wrong, Dana? Aren’t you supposed to be out with Kimmy?
Kimmy:			Kimmy and I just wanted to stop by, mom.
Mom:			Fine, well, I think you should be out getting some exercise.
Dana:			We’re walking everywhere!
Mom:			What about you, Kimmy? Is Dana treating you ok?
Kimmy:			Yes… we’re trying to play and make friends with the neighborhood kids.
Mom:			That’s good. It must be nice to be out of that harness. Did your mom have that on you because she was busy in the house?
Kimmy:			My mom ties me to the banister when she’s working and Dad’s watching me. She says she doesn’t trust him to keep his eye out.
Mom:			Ah, I see. Well, I’m glad Dana can help.
Mom:			Anyways, I think I had something for you two…


.../day1_outro_1.json

Dana:			Mrs. Munro? I'm here to drop Kimmy off.
Kimmymom:			Welcome back, girls.
Dana:			We had a good time today!
Kimmymom:			There you are Kimmy. Wonderful Dana, thank you so much… you’re such a great help. I really…
Kimmymom:			Oh, where is it? Work was so busy but I swear I didn't forget...
Kimmymom:			Here we go. Your quarter, Dana.
Dana:			Thank you so much! May I come again tomorrow?
Kimmy:			Yes!
Kimmymom:			It would be a great help, if you could.
Dana:			Ok, see you tomorrow!
Mom:			There you are.
Dana:			Mom!
Mom:			I was just stopping by the corner store to grab some milk. Are you done babysitting Kimmy?
Dana:			Yes!
Kimmymom:			Hello, Mrs. Navarro. I’ll be going inside now. Let's go, Kimmy. You need to have some dinner.
Mom:			Have a nice evening.
Dana:			I’ll walk home with you, mom.
Dana:			...Mom, when I picked Kimmy up this morning, she had a rope tied around her. Is that… normal?
Mom:			Oh, was she tied to the doorknob?
Dana:			She was tied to the porch.
Mom:			My mom used to tie me to the doorknob so she could focus on making dinner.
Mom:			It’s a little old-fashioned.
Dana:			Oh…
Dana:			You never tied me up, though?
Mom:			...well, I suppose I never worried about you running off.
Mom:			My mom used to worry I’d get into trouble, so when I was Kimmy’s age she’d keep me hooked to the doorknob if there was no one to keep an eye on me.
Dana:			Wow… that's kinda weird.
Mom:			A harness is a cheap babysitter.
Dana:			I guess so... well, I'm definitely a better babysitter than a harness.
Mom:			Come on, let’s head home. I’m glad you have a job now. Keeping busy is good for a girl your age.
Dana:			I hope I can be a good babysitter. Kimmy is kind of quiet, so it’s hard to tell if she’s having fun.
Mom:			You’ll do fine.


.../generic_fail.json

{0}:			I would stay here and chat more but...I heard you were playing with {6}.
Kimmy:			We're friends...
{0}:			I don’t really like them… sorry Kimmy. I have to go. Maybe see you later.
Dana:			*whispers* It’s ok... Let’s see if we can chat with some of {0}’s friends. Maybe that will help!
Kimmy:			Ok...


.../generic_intro_1.json

Dana:			Hi! I'm Dana. This is my friend Kimmy. Wanna play a game?
{0}:			Ok! But only if it's a new game...


.../generic_knows_game.json

{0}:			I know {3} already. Let's play something new.


.../generic_playdate_1.json

Kimmy:			Mommy… I made some friends.
KimmyMom:			That’s good, Kimmy. Did Dana help you?
Kimmy:			Yup!
Kimmy:			...I was wondering if it’d be ok to invite some friends over to play sometime?
KimmyMom:			That’s fine. Just make sure you mark it on the calendar.
Kimmy:			Ok… I’ll bring it to the playground. My friends are there.
KimmyMom:			Ok, don’t be too long. Dinner’s soon.
Kimmy:			Ok!


.../generic_playdate_end_1.json

Kimmy:			I'm back, Mommy! Here's the calendar.
KimmyMom:			Thank you, Kimmy. I hope you were able to make some nice plans with your friends. Now let's get some dinner on the table, ok?
Kimmy:			Ok!


.../generic_success_1.json

{0}:			Wow this game is fun!
Dana:			Yay! Let's be friends!


.../generic_success_intro.json

Dana:			I’m glad we ran into you today, {0}. That was really fun.
{0}:			Me too. I haven’t even played with {2} yet. I can’t wait to tell them about playing {3} with you.
Dana:			I hope we can play with them later, too.
{0}:			I’ll tell them to look out for you and Kimmy.
Dana:			*whispers* See, {0} likes you, Kimmy! Playing is a good way to make friends, isn’t it?
Kimmy:			*whispers* Y-yes…
Dana:			*whispers* I think this deserves a sticker. You did a good job!


.../generic_success_outro.json

Dana:			Wasn't that fun, Kimmy!
Kimmy:			Y-yes…
Dana:			I think this deserves a sticker. You did a good job! We're gonna keep making you lots of friends...!


.../generic_teach_game_fail_1.json

{0}:			That doesn't sound right...


.../generic_teach_game_fail_2.json

{0}:			That sounds wrong, but ok!


.../generic_teach_game_fail_3.json

{0}:			Really? Are you sure you know how to play?


.../generic_teach_game_success_1.json

{0}:			Ok, that makes sense!


.../generic_teach_game_success_2.json

{0}:			Sure!


.../generic_teach_game_success_3.json

{0}:			Sounds right to me!


.../generic_zero_game_pieces.json

Dana:			Oh no! I’m sorry… I thought I had some stuff to play games with in my bag… but it looks like I ran out.
Kimmy:			Oh no...
Dana:			It’s ok! Kimmy, let’s run to the store and buy some game pieces! We’ll be right back!


.../mom_roll_fail.json

Mom:			Oh, I can’t find it… you two better get going. It’s going to be dinner before you know it.


.../mom_roll_success.json

Mom:			Here, take this {4} and go play.


.../playdate_1.json

Kimmy:			Mommy… I made some friends.
KimmyMom:			That’s good, Kimmy. Did Dana help you?
Kimmy:			Yup!
Kimmy:			...I was wondering if it’d be ok to invite some friends over to play sometime?
KimmyMom:			That’s fine. Just make sure you mark it on the calendar.
Kimmy:			Ok… I’ll bring it to the playground. My friends are there.
KimmyMom:			Ok, don’t be too long. Dinner’s soon.
Kimmy:			Ok!


.../playdate_kid.json

Kimmy:			Hi... would you like to come over to my house to play together sometime?
{0}:			Um, sure!


.../template.json



